---
layout:post
title: Web Components
---
##New Media Stories
Starting with the first thing he mentioned the Template or Inert template idea is cool for swapping things oout and saving 
bandwith.  Even more so it reminds me of a functional version of commenting that developers could use back and forth.  
Shadow Dom is pretty great because it alows you to make things like iframes much more user friendly without JS. Also the input
date tag that has the built in calender features like that are also really neat and useful.  I like how as he put it the stuff is
already built into the browser and they have been holding out on us.  Beyond that too a lot of that is hidden functionality on the 
backend we don't have to mess with anymore.  I really liked the encapsulated style tag idea is great because a lot of the time 
these are going to be secondary components that you make post site design.  It just seems like a time saver too if you want to 
add custom things once the whole site is designed and stylized without having to go back in and change all your CSS.  
The insertion point idea was pretty great as well because you can essentially start making variables for traits and qualities you 
know are going to use all the time throughout the process.  Plus another benefit is that you can use custom nameing conventions 
for these variable which makes the organizationon the backend.  

Overall I seee this as the best improvement to web development in a long while.  I think the beauty of this is that when adopted
by all browsers and developers it may start to elminate all the confusion between languages that browsers use and accept.  I've 
always thought that having to know HTML,CSS,JS,Jquery,PHP, Ruby, Python, etc... was a bit cumbersome because all of them are 
really serving the same purpose which is to create content for the web.  This way everything is wrapped up nice and neat in one
language.  And it works on the logic principles of standard programming languages like C# and C based languages.
